Fix some typos in `simulation_tips.md` (#1853)
CliMA/Oceananigans.jl: docs/src/simulation_tips.md

- Use the [`nvidia-smi`](https://developer.nvidia.com/nvidia-system-management-interface) command
  line utility to monitor the memory usage of the GPU. It should tell you how much memory there is

>   on your GPU and how much of it you're using. You can run it from Julia with the command ``run(`nvidia-smi`)``.

Reviewer: These lines could be a bit more concise:

"The [`nvidia-smi`](https://developer.nvidia.com/nvidia-system-management-interface) utility monitors memory usage and GPU utilization. `nvidia-smi` can be launched from Julia by typing ``run(`nvidia-smi`)``."

Author: Fixed

### Arrays in GPUs are usually different from arrays in CPUs

Oceananigans.jl uses regular `Array`s when running on the CPU, but on the GPU it has to use `CuArray`s
from the CUDA.jl package. While deep down both are arrays, their implementations are different
and both can behave very differently. Something to keep in mind when working with `CuArray`s is that you do not want to

> access elements of a `CuArray` outside of a kernel. Doing so invokes scalar operations

Author: Is there something we can link to that explains what a GPU kernel is in simple terms? I couldn't find anything except for [this page](https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cuda-c-programming-guide/index.html#kernels). I guess that's an okay reference, but I was hoping for something easier for a novice to understand.

Reviewer: The CUDA.jl docs simply state "Kernels are functions that are executed in a massively parallel fashion..."

https://cuda.juliagpu.org/stable/usage/overview/#Kernel-programming-with-@cuda

Perhaps we can define a kernel as a "low-level function that executes in massively parallel fashion on the GPU"?

Author: Yes, but I was thinking of linking something, instead of explaining it in the text, so as to keep the discussion high level. Maybe we can link both urls for now and change it if we find something easier down the line.

Reviewer 2: But why linking versus explaining makes this discussion high or low level?

Reviewer 2: OK, perhaps this was resolved already? Ignore my "noise". :)

Author: I believed it's solved. But thnaks :)

> Oceananigans.jl uses regular `Array`s when running on the CPU, but on the GPU it has to use `CuArray`s
> from the CUDA.jl package. While deep down both are arrays, their implementations are different
> and both can behave very differently. Something to keep in mind when working with `CuArray`s is that you do not want to
> access elements of a `CuArray` outside of a kernel. Doing so invokes scalar operations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Oceananigans.jl uses [`CUDA.CuArray`](https://cuda.juliagpu.org/stable/usage/array/) to store data for GPU computations. One limitation of `CuArray`s compared to the `Array`s used for CPU computations is that `CuArray` elements cannot be accessed outside kernels (a process called ["scalar iteration"](https://cuda.juliagpu.org/stable/usage/workflow/#UsageWorkflowScalar)) launched through CUDA.jl or KernelAbstractions.jl.
```
